.TH DRGBUILDER 1 "September 2012"

.SH NAME 
drgbuilder \- create I-Doser drg files

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBdrgbuilder -d \fIdescription-file\fP -i \fIimage-file\fP -s \fIsbagen-file\fP [\fI...\fP] 

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBdrgbuilder\fP creates drg files from description, image and sbagen
data. Each drg file consist of this mandatory elements.

.SS Mandatory Options
.TP
\fB-d, --description\fP \fIdescription-file\fP
Specifies the description file to use.
.TP
\fB-i, --image\fP \fIimage-file\fP
Specifies the image file to use. Image file should be BMP encoded and with a size of 150x150 pixels.
.TP
\fB-s, --sbagen\fP \fIsbagen-file\fP
Specifies the sbagen source file to use. Should not start with \fI-SE\fP.

.SS Options
.TP
\fB-t, --title\fP \fItitle\fP
Specifies the title to use. By default the string "Made with drgbuilder from drg2sbg" is used.
.TP
\fB-o, --output\fP \fIoutput-file\fP
Specifies the output file to use. By default stdout is used.
.TP
\fB-v, --version\fP
Prints version information and exits.
.TP
\fB-h, --help\fP
Shows a short summary of options.

.SH AUTHOR
Manuel Arguelles <manuel.arguelles@gmail.com>

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2012 Manuel Arguelles

Drg2sbg is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or 
(at your option) any later version. 

Drg2sbg is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
for more details.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
drg2sbg(1)



